Provide NixOS module option to enable the paperless exporter. (#242084)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- The `cawbird` package is dropped from nixpkgs, as it got broken by the Twitter API closing down and has been abandoned upstream.

> - The paperless module now has options to automatically create regular
>   backups using the integrated document exporter.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
- The paperless module now has an option to for regular automatic export of documents data using the integrated document exporter.
```

Important to be specific about the export and backup terms.

Author: Thanks, I rebased my PR and will adapt the "backup" -> "export" nomenclature.
